.\" -*- nroff -*-
.\" Copyright (C) 2007 Luca Capello <luca@pca.it>
.\"               2007 Jose Plans <jplans@redhat.com>
.\"               2007 Timo Hoenig <thoenig@suse.de>
.\"
.TH PAM_THINKFINGER 8 "Feb 27, 2007"

.SH "NAME"
pam_thinkfinger - PAM module for fingerprint authentication through
libthinkfinger

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
ThinkFinger is a driver for the UPEK/SGS Thomson Microelectronics
fingerprint reader (USB ID 0483:2016).  The device is being found
either as a standalone USB device, built into USB keyboards or built
into laptops (mostly Dell, IBM/Lenovo and Toshiba).
.P
.B pam_thinkfinger
is the PAM module responsible for fingerprint authentication through
libthinkfinger.  The module does only trigger for users which have
deposited their fingerprint in the \fI/etc/pam_thinkfinger\fP folder.

.SH "OPTIONS"
.PD 0
.TP
debug
Turns on debugging via \fBsyslog\fR(3)

.SH "REQUIREMENTS"
.PD 0
In order to use the the PAM module pam_thinkfinger your Linux kernel has to be
compiled with uinput support.  The location of the uinput interface depends on
your distribution.  To ensure that your system is properly set up, one of the
following interfaces have to exist:

.TP
.I /dev/input/uinput
.TP
.I /dev/misc/uinput
.TP
.I /dev/uinput

.TP
If the interface is not there, run:

.TP
$ modprobe uinput

.TP
Ask your the maintainers of your distribution to automatically load the module.

.SH "FILES"
.PD 0
.TP
.I /etc/pam_thinkfinger
The default folder where the fingerprint for login users are stored
.TP
.I /lib/security
The default folder for PAM modules

.SH "EXAMPLES"
.PP
Add the following line to \fI/etc/pam.d/common-auth\fR:
.sp
.nf
sufficient auth pam_thinkfinger.so
.fi
.sp
To enable debugging support via \fBsyslog\fR(3), add the following line to \fI/etc/pam.d/common-auth\fR:
.sp
.nf
sufficient auth pam_thinkfinger.so debug
.fi
.sp

.SH "BUGS"
Please report bugs to <thinkfinger-devel@lists.sourceforge.net>.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR tf-tool (1),
.BR pam (8)

.BR \fIhttp://thinkfinger.sourceforge.net/\fP

.SH "AUTHORS"
ThinkFinger was written by Timo Hoenig <thoenig@suse.de> and Pavel
Machek <pavel@suse.cz> and is licensed under the terms of the GNU
General Public License (GPL).

This manual page was written by Luca Capello <luca@pca.it>. Additions
by Jose Plans.
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU General Public License (GPL).
