.\" -*- nroff -*-
.\" Copyright (C) 2007 Luca Capello <luca@pca.it>
.\"

.TH THINKFINGER 1 "Feb 1, 2007"

.SH NAME
tf-tool \- Utility to acquire and to verify fingerprints

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B tf-tool
.RI [ OPTION ]

.SH DESCRIPTION
ThinkFinger is a driver for the UPEK/SGS Thomson Microelectronics
fingerprint reader (USB ID 0483:2016).  The device is being found
either as a standalone USB device, built into USB keyboards or built
into laptops (mostly Dell, IBM/Lenovo and Toshiba).
.P
.B tf-tool
is the utility used to acquire and to verify the fingerprints.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BI \--acquire
Acquire a fingerprint.  You will be prompted to swipe your finger.  It
needs three successful swipes to get a fingerprint.  This fingerprint
is stored in \fI/tmp/test.bir\fP.
.TP
.BI \--verify
Verify a fingerprint.  \fBtf-tool\fP will read a fingerprint image
from \fI/tmp/test.bir\fP and compare that with the finger which is being
swiped.
.TP
.BI \--add-user\ "login"
Acquire a fingerprint for the user identified by login.  If this user
or the bir folder \fI/etc/pam_thinkfinger\fP do not exist, exits with
an error.  If the acquiring process is successful, the fingerprint is
stored in the bir folder as \fI/etc/pam_thinkfinger/login.bir\fP.
This option is available only when ThinkFinger has been compiled with
PAM support.
.TP
.BI \--verbose
Add more output messages.

.SH FILES
.PD 0
.TP
.I /etc/pam_thinkfinger
The default folder where the fingerprint for login users are stored
.TP
.I /tmp/tmp.bir
The file used when acquiring or verifying a fingerprint
.PD

.SH BUGS
Please report bugs to <thinkfinger-devel@lists.sourceforge.net>.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR pam_thinkfinger (8)

.BR \fIhttp://thinkfinger.sourceforge.net/\f

.SH AUTHORS
ThinkFinger was written by Timo Hoenig <thoenig@suse.de> and Pavel
Machek <pavel@suse.cz> and is licensed under the terms of the GNU
General Public License (GPL).

This manual page was written by Luca Capello <luca@pca.it>.
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU General Public License (GPL).
